Assembly guide
==============

Unity snap settings on all axes: 1;
Rotate angle setting: 90;

After positioning the desired prefabs, make sure to always stay on Unity's grid
(even numbers on all axes). Inevitable to get uneven numbers at doors (wall thickness) and smaller modular pieces
(yellow rails), but be sure to correct the offset in the next room built next to it
 - either by using the door piece provided
 - or by snapping the next floor tile underneath the door (demo scene)

This is essential so that certain levels are at certain elevations, so it's easy to connect them using elevators
or staircases. (Else if a huge offset is generated, after the 3rd room, building will be impossible to continue)

Vertex snapping required at following modular models:
 - Metal cutout floor tile (1x1); snap the first piece to desired wall, then continue building from there.
 - Yellow metal rails and corner pieces; snap the bottom vertex to the metal tile floor (check out the demo scene)
 - narrow tunnel; intentionally I positioned 3 triangles in the corner, snap that to the doorframe (demo scene: red light corridor)
 - Pipes at corners; use their vertices simply
 
 Important that since doors have 2 materials (both sides for transitioning) and they are in LOD groups, if you change the doorframe's material to the desired one, select LOD1 model
 as well, and adjust its material, too. (Else when LOD1 is rendered, it shows the default concrete material assigned, and it may not be the one you want)
 
Hint: Walls, ceiling and floor are all concrete, so ceilings can be walls, walls can be ceilings. Experiment for some exciting results.
Also, leave Source/Imports/Materials folder open in your project view, and simply drag any Concrete material up to a wall/ceiling/floor. Sometimes
it's quicker to build that way.

Another hint: Use Door3 laid down, attach floor material to its frame, and use the narrow tunnel vertically with any of the modular ladder types available
to get a vertical corridor (as a secret bypass next to the elevator, etc)


Once you get familiar with all prefabs, building a level is fast and easy with MBCP.

If you get stuck anywhere - gabromedia@gmail.com always.

Happy bunker building!



